field
I consider it to be in good condition with
such a weather in general is excellent
what is normal than the workers of the region
can handle how you prepared us all
great at all what are going to do to
such a great expectation husband do not let in
cards played in the corner of the disease who than who
Someone I do not know who was listening to music
someone sat just talking like that
phone is dead than you did everything
at the same time a little bit
one goal i scored it was the black sea
2 bolts in one taken per game hour
opole
country saw gears but to be honest
there was samedov he was in the middle
showed that he was in the middle
there was a deadly position to strike but rather
here what was waiting for there then you
gear
Vitaly regards someone from the penalty spot
comment on what happened in this
episode here to be honest it's hard for me
comment
how would there be experts there do u
dictations before doing this let them
they do it like a penalty
Generally he Tarasa you just in this ball
there was an episode there didn't know there at all
nearby from me
I think that there was no penalty after you
swept on your knees immediately straight
queues yes there is no swamp at all why
no not a swamp
normally there were such simpletons were in the house
daughter I don't know man was access
stay dry after all a little bit later
then these daughter became under a drizzle so
Basically, it’s okay if a defeat comes in.
all the same to what lies
well let us run ahead now not
let's be real let's see nothing
I don't want to talk about the future
win and today I would like to
rest easy enjoy this
victory so fast
Well, of course, the problem is always with us
I stood as if I came here to support
attack plus Roma Pavlichenko said that I
that yes yes yes yes yes he did you then say
what are you starting today no why
Roma on the pitch he will have a chance than y
me but this is today i am a honey general
given his position, let's see, but not
I know how about karaoke
let's see the whole team decide it will
dedicate at home
wanna visit was mom how would mom in
first of all to her father and of course
same brother and will not side with me
it seems to you a rain man
fans come up
I argue with them I can not let them
decide
it seems to me that the closer the new film
about the cake you need to play only on him
just see the look give modems but
if will of course revise
some similarities with certain there
I don’t know where there is where definitely
hairstyles and there preparation and thought so
I know